a pack of cotton pads has those strings
on it so that we could hang it on some
hook or holder
and no there's no need to untighten and
tighten the pack again
look at the bottom of the pack it has a
perforated line
tear along it and now you're good to
pull out a cotton pad
if you've ever tried a nintendo
cartridge to taste
you'll confirm that they taste revolting
leaving a sour bitterish
aftertaste in your mouth they're covered
with denatonium benzoate one of the most
disgusting flavors ever known actually
this taste is kind of a hidden function
it prevents people from swallowing those
cartridges
silica gel can often be found in
different things you buy
like bags shoes and many others don't
throw it away
it's meant to absorb excess moisture so
anytime your shoes are a bit wet
just throw in a packet with silica gel
escalator brushes aren't for keeping
your shoes clean or polished
it's for our safety brushes won't let
you come close to the edge
so a long coat or boot cut jeans won't
end up between the steps
rough edges on the dimes aren't just
about design
the coins used to be made of precious
metals to show their real value
people would shave off the edges
spending the shaving coins with the same
value
and melt the edges into new coins to
avoid it
mender's added that pattern so people
could tell if someone cut that coin
before
ever notice a tiny hole on the bottom of
a padlock
its hidden purpose is to drain water to
help avoid corrosion
it's always the most convenient place to
lubricate a padlock
a drop of oil in there will make it open
and close easier
bottles have long necks for a reason
hold the neck not the bottle if you want
to enjoy a cold drink
same goes for fancy glasses their stem
saves any drink from overheating
so hold it right notebook margins are
not some extra space for note-taking
in fact people invented them to protect
their notes
people used to co-live with rats and
these guys like
gnawing on everything they see on their
way including paper
still rats weren't able to chew more
than the space
left on the margins that black grate on
a microwave isn't just some fancy
decoration
it's called a faraday shield and it
prevents the rays from
escaping the microwave it also speeds up
the heating
so you can enjoy yesterday's leftovers
faster
it may also block phone signals so if
you're tired of numerous calls
just put the phone into a microwave but
don't turn it on
all tic tac containers are designed to
dispense one tic tac
every time you open it the lid has the
same shape as the candy
turn the container upside down gently
shake it and slowly open it
you'll notice only one candy stuck
between those lid grooves
so if you just open the container and
shake it until five or more candies fall
into your mouth
that means you've been eating tic tac
wrong all this time
bath foam relieves stress cleanses the
skin
and keeps the water warm foam is made up
of tiny air bubbles
they form an insulating layer on the
water surface
keeping heat from escaping side holes
and sneakers are for laces
since sneakers were originally invented
for basketball players
this interesting design allowed to
accommodate any player's foot
they just needed to lace their sneakers
in the most comfortable way for them
colorful plastic ties on bags of bread
indicate when the loaf was baked the
color code is the following
monday a blue tag tuesday green
thursday red friday white and on
saturday
you can buy fresh bread with a yellow
tag
the utility knife is supposed to last
way longer than most people think
the knife blade is made of narrow
parallel sections
when the instrument gets blunt break off
the top section with a cap you find at
the bottom
voila you have a brand new sharp blade
again
just don't forget to put some safety
gloves and goggles on
first some button-down shirts have a
button on the back of the collar
it's there so that the tie doesn't stick
out from under the collar
as for that locker loop on the back you
can use it to hang the shirt on a hook
without wrinkling it
a seemingly random diamond sized hole in
the elevator door
is actually a keyhole if the doors get
stuck
an operator can open them manually by
inserting a special key in this hole
the same tool is used when an elevator
needs routine maintenance
the holes in the bottom of earphones
allow air to circulate up and through
the speakers
it helps to increase low frequencies
making the bass sound deeper
the whole sound quality also becomes
much richer
that drawer at the bottom of your stove
isn't for storing pans and cookie sheets
its purpose is to keep your dishes warm
whenever you cook a large amount of food
while one dish is in the oven it warms
up the already prepared ones
in the drawer below the big
toothy spoon is great for grabbing
spaghetti out of the pot
but you can also use it before the dish
is even ready
the hole in the middle is there to
measure portions
however many dry noodles you can fit
into it that's the amount one person
needs
diamond slits on backpacks were
originally placed only on traveler bags
their only purpose was to carry ropes
these days you can find such slits on
pretty much every backpack why not use
them to carry a bottle of water an
umbrella or a pair of sneakers
ever use those flimsy ribbed ketchup
containers they have at fast food
restaurants
then you've probably wondered why they
don't make them a bit bigger
but they can be just pull the ribs
outward
and the container can house way more
sauce
so if you ever find yourself in a
condiment race
you can always catch up catch up
yeah the hole in a lollipop stick is not
a free whistle that you might have
assumed
in fact it's designed to save your life
the hole
stops a person from choking if it gets
stuck in their throat
if you struggle to peel an orange
there's actually a secret way to get
into it efficiently
cut into the peel at the top and bottom
make a slit on one side
and then just pull it open yogurt is a
great healthy snack to eat
provided you have a spoon with you but
if you don't i've got a trick for you
all you need do is twist the foil lid
from the yogurt pot
into the shape of a spoon if you can't
just get rid of the food stuck in your
teeth
you might not be using dental floss the
right way it can be hard to get perfect
results with loose floss
to increase the tension tie it in a knot
that way
it won't hurt your hands as well grocery
carts have metal loops on the sides for
a reason
you don't really want to put your jacket
in the cart next to the onions do you
so hang it on one of the loops these
little things can help organize the
space in your cart better
we all keep our pans in oven drawers
they're designed for kitchenware after
all
but there's another way to use them
that's even more useful
these drawers can actually keep your
dish hot for a while without overcooking
it
remember that the next time your friends
are running late for dinner
plastic cup lids can become super handy
cup holders
there are three small bulges on the
reverse side and the cup fits in there
perfectly
no more coffee stains pretty much
everyone who's ever been in a public
toilet knows what paper seat covers are
for
but many people find them inconvenient
and that's mainly because
they don't know how to use them the
right way the flap should be placed
right in front of you
and drop down into the bowl have you
ever seen those weird cylinders on
cables
they're actually handier than they seem
because they can help reduce high
frequency interference
the little sharp point on the cap of an
ointment tube is there for a reason too
most tubes are usually sealed with foil
and it's better to avoid opening it with
your fingers
unless you're ready to say goodbye to
your nails the point on the cap can open
even the best sealed tube without a
problem
the small bumps on the f and j keys on
your keyboard
have a little known purpose they can
help you find the right key
even without looking at the keyboard
pretty cool if you want to start blind
typing
ever notice the hole in a ruler it's
there if you want to place it on a hook
or draw a perfect circle take a look at
your iphone
you see that weird little dot between
the camera and the flash
well that's a microphone it's used for
recording with the back camera
if you get a box of chocolates with a
little dent in between the holes for the
candy
push it the chocolate surrounding it
will pop right out of their snug little
compartments
you shouldn't have to push the sweets
from the bottom though this weighs
much quicker you try to pull out some
aluminum foil
but the roll keeps coming out of the box
it's not supposed to
push in the tabs on the sides of the box
they'll hold the roll in place
women's shirts oddly have buttons on the
left even though most people are
right-handed
it comes from the times when upper class
ladies would have hand maidens dress
them
the wearer's left became the dresser's
right so
it was easy for them pants creases have
their story too
to squeeze in as many goods as possible
to transport them
folded pants got heavily pressed it was
next to impossible to get rid of the
resulting creases
so why not make them fashionable
there's a loop on the back of your
button-up shirt so you can hang it
without it getting wrinkled
and fun fact back in the day it showed
your availability
young guys used to cut those loops off
once they started dating someone
doorknobs are usually made of brass
bronze or some other
copper alloys for a reason they have an
anti-microbial effect
they get rid of germs pretty fast within
a couple of hours
but you still have to wash your hands
after touching doorknobs
those blue bristles on your brush are a
lot more helpful than toothpaste stripes
when they fade it's time to change your
toothbrush
take the lid off your to go cup and turn
it upside down you'll get an
instant coaster it has a rim on the
inside that your cup bottom fits into
perfectly if you prefer your soda in a
bottle
check out the little plastic disc in the
cap it's there to keep the gases in your
carbonated drink
without it you just have syrupy brown
water
detachable headrests in a car can be
used to break the windows
in case you get stuck in just don't go
swinging at the window though you could
hurt yourself
slide one of the prongs in between the
pane and the door
pull the headrest back towards yourself
and the window will
shatter don't forget about the tab on
the bottom of your rear view mirror
pull it back during nighttime driving if
someone's behind you
their headlights won't be blinding pull
the tab forward again for daytime
driving
most people don't associate takeaway
food with fancy dinners
but a takeout container can still be
turned into a plate
you just have to unfold it correctly
does two zips for one section of your
bag seem like too much
maybe but it's actually a great
safeguard against pickpocketing
you can put a small lock between the two
zippers to make sure no one can
open your backpack the slits on a box
cutter blade are there to help you snap
off a piece of it
when it wears out to do so safely use
the lid from the other side of the box
cutter
place it on the blade and bend it to
break a section off
pom poms on clothing sure look nice but
they also used to have a purpose behind
them
there's one unusual theory for how they
came about
french sailors used to hit their heads
against the cabins of their boats when
out on the oceans
so they invented pom-poms to soften the
bump
all running shoes basically have an
anti-blister system in their design
see that extra shoelace hole at the top
of your sneakers
make two loops with these holes by
inserting the loose laces into them
cross the laces over and insert them
into the loops
then pull the laces down and you'll
create a kind of lock
to keep your feet snug in your shoes
the blue and red parts of the eraser
aren't for pen and pencil
the red side rubs the pencil particles
out of the paper
while the blue side is stiffer and
scrubs off a thin
layer from the paper itself that's why
it's for tougher grades of paper
whether it's getting rid of pen or
pencil
unfold the pleated paper cup you get for
condiments at fast food places
you'll have enough room to dunk nuggets
and a whole handful
of fries same goes for the oyster pails
you get for take away
unfold it and you get an entire plate
a utility knife has a removable part on
the end of the handle
use it to snap off the dull piece of the
blade to reveal
a new sharp one a pen cap has a small
hole in the top
in case of accidental swallowing it
keeps the airway
unblocked the loop on the back of a
shirt
came from sailors who'd hang their
shirts from hooks on the ship
this locker loop is still useful for
hanging the shirt without a hanger
the metal plate on a stapler base is
turnable
rotated and the staples pins will be
bent outward
this creates easily removable temporary
staples
lids on paper and plastic two go cups
work as coasters
the ring in the middle of the lid is
exactly the size to fit the bottom of
the cup
the lids lips also catch dripping
condensation from cold drinks
the hole in your frying pan's handle
could hold your stirring spoon
and keep it from messing the counter or
stove top
the hole in a pen cap is there in case
the thing gets swallowed
it allows air to flow through lego heads
have holes in them for the same reason
go look at your bathroom sink really see
the hole
up near the rim it's there to prevent
overflows
excess water goes into the siphon and
your floor stays dry in case you forgot
to shut the water off
it also helps your sink drain faster
instead of glugging down slowly as it
fights air resistance the hull
gives that air somewhere to escape
holes and tube-like coffee stirring
sticks help reduce resistance from the
liquid
so they can stir the sugar more
efficiently and we're thankful for that
this design also makes the plastic stick
sturdier
and protects it from bending in hot
water and manufacturers save money by
using less plastic when the thing is
hollow
the microwave door looks completely
black when it's off
but when you're heating up your food you
can see through it look closely
it's not just a black glass it's a
special mesh against regular glass
this protective metal screen keeps the
microwave energy
inside